Thanks to eon magic man for one of the ambience battle sounds. Thanks to all the people that created the textures.

More than any other of my maps this is a team fight. 

The allies have to get across the beach, through the minefield and barb wire. Some people need to provide cover fire while others run across. At the base of a cliff is a wall that it take two soldiers to get over. Once an allied soldier gets to the top there is more barb wire. The allied players have to get on top and find the three six sided gratings. Blast these open to gain access to inside the German base. 

On the first level are two red cross items. Destroy them. Going down to the next level is a radio and two crates behind doors. Destroy these three. These five objectives win the game for you.

In addition there are two piles of green ammo boxes. If you destroy these they cause an explosion in the german black bunkers, and then they are filled in with dirt rendering them unusable.

To reflect the intense german shelling of the beach I have placed six random firing explosions. One goes off every ten seconds or so. It is hard to find a place to stand behind and fire because you might blow up. These explosions do not count against your dead, but the mine field deaths do.

Also about five minutes in to the game the allied navy opens up and shells start hitting the german positions. This blasts open the barbwire and the three openings. However you have to watch the fire pattern. If you run across the top at the wrong time a shell may blow you up.

The germans have to fight together also. You need to fire from the bunkers (notice there is an open slit on the second level to fire from also) but you need to watch out for allied troops getting on top. There are three light green buttons that open access to the top so you can shoot from up there or repel allied troops. Also you need a few inside just in case the allies get in.

I have also reflected the allied naval gunfire. In the real battle it took almost four hours before the destroyers closed on the beach and started firing. I reduced this to five minutes. For the first five minutes you can fire from the top, but after that it gets exciting. Kill as many as you can in the first five minutes because it gets harder after that. Also sit back in the bunkers and to the sides. It is dark in them and that makes it harder for the allied snipers.