OVER 2 - Paratrooper attack on German fort by a river.

First off, the reason it is dark is because it is 3 in the morning. I feel that if it is night than it should be dark.  Just be more cautious and use the darkness. There is a lot of open areas and you may feel exposed, but realise that as hard a time as you have seeing them, they have seeing you.

A brief explanation of Allied objectives.

1) There is a transmitter out in the woods on the path.

2) Inside the fort are 8 items. 

Blow open the fort gate. To the left and right are ladders that lead up to the top of the fort. Get to the roof and find two more ladders that give you access inside the fort.

On the first floor find a closet with a closed door. Shoot the door open and inside is a goal marked with a Red Cross.  These are medical supplies. Destroy them.

At the end of the hall to the right of the red desk there is a crate that appears to have mis-aligned texture.  Destroy this. Behind this crate you will find an image of the Sarge plus a ladder leading up in the dark corner, with a blinking light above. Go up the ladder.

Upstairs are two goals, one electronics, and a radio. Near to the radio desk in the corner is a ladder that leads down. This ladder takes you to the underground. It is a distance so make sure you actually get on the ladder or you will fall to your death. 

In the under ground are four more targets.  Two piles of ammo and two electronic targets.

There is a total of 9 goals.

German hints - there are two trap doors from the underground that lead up to the courtyard of the fort. If you spawn underground you can go up the ladders through these two trap doors, or in the opposite corner you will find the ladder that leads to the upstairs to the radio described above. You can go this way if the American have penetrated the fort to defend the upstairs. Also you have three spawns outside the fort so you might get to sneak up on the paratroopers.  If you have enough players to hold the fort send a few out to fight the paratroopers away from the fort. You have to get 60 kills.



American Hints - Unlike most maps, you have to operate as a team on this map. Use the darkness to do this. Even though there is a lot of open territory the Germans have as hard a time seeing you as you do them. Use the distance and darkness to your advantage, and talk.

During the beta tests an American set up as a sniper across the river and I personally was shot 7 times from this. So have a support fire team assist the assault team just like in the real military.

Blowing the gate of the fort.  This takes a couple of granades, or a zooka shot. The thing is the zooka shot can come from across the river.  My recommendation is to have a zooka, an HMG and a sniper in place where ever they can get to, have the sniper harrass, fire the zooka, and when it explodes cut loose with the hmg to suppress the germans while an assault team heads into the fort.

One last thing, not all German spawns are in the fort, so watch your back.

